Let's work on styling the lists of posts and an individual post page, so please open the partial post
blade BHP and the show Blade template from the posts folder.
The post title does not need a key.
And should be a header element instead.
Also, we want need to present the loping features, so let's get rid of art and even styles for an
element living just one style.
Let's add a link pointing to the editing form and add a element styled as a button.
As usual, we use the helper to generate a URL.
The form should be rendered in line, so the in line bootstrap class.
Then started the deleting button as the other one.
So are the Biden and Biden primary classes.
Let's take a look.
Almost good.
We need a label on this button and also some spacing between the separate entries.
So let's add the added level.
And this development should have an MVP free class, meaning margin bottom of the size free, by the
way.
It probably won't hurt to add a link to the post.
Right.
So let's skip you over this element.
Pasted in here because, well, it actually contains almost the same code, we just need to change the
action name to posts show and close the AI elements tag.
All right, now save the charges.
Do refresh.
It seems that it works pretty nice.